# Random Sentence ChatBot Project

This project is a chat application that delivers random, nonsensical responses through an API, built with Express.js. It features Swagger UI for interactive API documentation.

**To enhance the randomness of responses, the application uses the Gemini API in addition to a predefined corpus. This integration allows for more diverse and unpredictable chatbot replies**


**NOTE**
 * After researching random number generation libraries, I chose to use random-js instead of Math.random().

* While Math.random() is a basic pseudo-random number generator with potential biases, random-js provides a variety of engines and algorithms that offer more control and flexibility for generating random values.

* This allows for better customization of random number generation to suit specific needs, potentially improving the overall randomness and distribution in the application.

## Features

- Random chat responses generated by the chatbot.
- Interactive API documentation using Swagger UI.

## Installation

1. **Clone the repository:**

    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/sudhanshubsr/karvaaa_assignment.git
    cd karvaaa_assignment
    ```

2. **Install dependencies:**

    ```sh
    pnpm install
    ```

3. **Create a `.env` file:**
   Ensure you create a `.env` file in the root directory with the necessary environment variables.

4. **Run the server:**

    ```sh
    pnpm start
    ```

   By default, the server will run on `http://localhost:3001`.

5. **Run tests:**

    Make sure that your main server is not turned on because it will give a "PORT Already in Use" Error

    ```sh
    pnpm dlx mocha
    ```

## API Documentation

You can view the interactive API documentation via Swagger UI at:

http://localhost:3001/api/docs
